I'd see you guys asked me to watch a
movie named Veronica and Netflix and
when I went on there it was freaking to
movies named Veronica I don't even know
which one you guys wanted me to review
since they were both new they're both in
Spanish and they're both thrillers but
of course since you know I'm a man of
the people
i'ma break both down for you so I'm
gonna start with the first one about a
psychologist and then the ouija horror
one which I think most of you guys
wanted right here at this point so let
me explain see when it comes to
psychology not everything is gonna be
black and white but um this movie is
pretty much it's about a retired
therapist who takes on another case
because they gave her the bag about this
girl who was abused and a girl whose
last therapist went missing so his
therapist decides to invite her to her
freaking secluded mountain home it turns
out that this girl has nightmares that
Kaza to wake up and like chronically
masturbate a lot
the pretty much teenage boys just call
us wet dreams but eventually things
start getting so trippy and seductive
the camera turns into like these POV
shots and we get these lesbo scenes shot
like an ex art video and the patient
becomes the master
pretty much the therapist ends up going
crazy and she kicks out the patients and
we get one of the biggest exposition
scenes of 2018 so it turns out that the
the therapist is actually named Veronica
hence the title of the movie she was
abused as a child and she ends up
creating the patients out of an anagram
of her own name but then it turns out
now this really is Veronica and she
created her own psychologist after being
abused and eventually killing her own
mama why has got to make this overly
complicated and dizzy so yeah really
what happens is that you got this 25
year old chick right here who goes all
identity and creates an alter ego of a
psychologist based off of a random
teacher she once had the reason she's
doing all this is because she was abused
by her mom when she was younger and then
one day she decides to just straight-up
kill her mom in the shed and that's the
day that she places the call in the
beginning of the movie to herself to
then diagnosed herself and then do it
with herself so nothing really gets
fixed for her but uh yeah there was a
twist I give it a stream it's now what I
do want to give a junior price to is
this crazy movie also called Veronica I
think this is the one that you guys were
recommending to me because a lot of
people were like super hyped up on this
movie but Nana yet told me it was the
onic I was sitting there 4 a.m. in the
morning thinking I'm about to watch our
rom-com about a girl named Veronica and
all of a sudden this happens
[Applause]
now I did my research on this thing and
it actually used to be called El
expedient which means case file since it
was based off of two real-life stories
over in Spain one is known as the
Vallecas case which in 1991 there was
this girl in Spain named estefania
Gutierrez Lazaro
I believe related to this guy who
decided to play with a Ouija board which
you never do
her parents started seeing shadows
things moving and this girl ends up in a
psychiatric ward where she dies
mysteriously the crazy thing is is that
the official police report for this
thing is cited and stamped as including
paranormal activity so like yeah people
freaked out over it now Veronica the
movie is based off of that case and the
director has said himself that you know
he's taking liberties that's why it's
called Veronica it's completely
different the the police thing that you
hear in the beginning isn't real it's
his own story and for fans it's also the
most override story because they keep
brewing it for others is it the scariest
yeah maybe if your name is Veronica this
chick does the same thing that we read
in the case file she uses a Ouija board
on the day of a solstice cuz I guess
that's when you get the best Wi-Fi with
the spirits and while she's trying to
contact her dead father she becomes a
possessed daughter she's at a Catholic
school so one of the nuns who gouged her
eyes out to Nazi demons didn't work
tells her that she has a demon in her
yeah no duh lady
Veronica then has to protect her
siblings from all the crazy things going
on in the house but get this the big
choice that we have here is that she
ends up being the one who's tormenting
them the whole time I don't know if you
guys remember the movie hide-and-seek
and I guess I kind of slightly spoiled
it but I mean it was like a very obscure
movie y'all should go watch that that's
kind of what's going on here
it's actually her who's the possessed
one and the one who's haunting her own
siblings well at the same time having
them call out for her jacked up stuff
anyways after having her cavities
checked disrespecting Chef Boyardee in
the scene finding something worse than
bedbugs she decides that the best thing
to do to get rid of this demon that was
caused by a seance is to hold another
seance this time with her siblings grow
you don't touch the stove after it
burned you once the police come in and
try to save the day Veronica gets
pretzeled and guys the kids get saved
and you realize that in order for all of
this to have been fixed with no problems
whatsoever they should have gotten ed
and Lorraine Warren thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm Kirsten
it passed this was one that you guys had
recommended so if there's a whatever you
thought the scariest scene was in let me
know down below because I thought other
than them opening their mouths and stuff
it would save spooky listen photography
was good as well like I said I give it
her I give it a junior price I'm curious
to know any other pass that you guys
have down below in the comment section
don't forget to come and like and
subscribe and I will not send you a
Ouija board I will not